NEURON files from the paper:

A modeling study suggesting how a reduction in the context-dependent
input on CA1 pyramidal neurons could generate schizophrenic behavior
by M. Migliore, I. De Blasi, D. Tegolo, R. Migliore,
Neural Networks,(2011), doi:10.1016/j.neunet.2011.01.001.

With an extensive series of simulations we show how and to what extent
a pathological hypofunction of the Perforant Path input can alter the
normal recall of objects on which the neuron has been previously
tuned.

The hoc file "sim_9068802-test" is a typical simulation file that
illustrates the binding process. It tests all the 462 possible 5-ples
of obliques in cell 9068802 and prints to context033s1-modeldb.txt
those that, during one of the trials (seed=1), with a specific context
(0.33nA), and a specific background noise (0.4) generate a valid
somatic spike (see the paper for a definition of a valid spike).  The
results generated by 10 trials are stored in the file
"c033-all-seeds.txt", which is used to calculate the average presence
of a given oblique in a valid 5-ple. 

This simulation file is for illustration purposes only. It can be
launched on a parallel system, but requires some editing to run the
full (and quite long) simulation.  Ask the authors for more info if
you want to run a full sim.

The file average.hoc reads the c033-all-seeds.txt and reproduces the
histogram corresponding to the context 0.33 nA in Fig.4 (purple bars).
In the paper, Fig.4 demonstrates that the presence of each oblique, on
average, is relatively independent from the context.

Questions on how to use this model should be directed to
michele.migliore@pa.ibf.cnr.it
